hey what's going on guys
today i'll show you a supernatural
horror thriller film the spell
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
mark is a successful businessman with a
happy family of four
but one day a bad news tells him that
his father has just passed away
busy with his business though he has to
put aside everything at hand
and rushes to the funeral held in his
hometown
in a hurry mark decides to fly his
private jet back
but unluckily they get caught up in a
huge thunderstorm
which crashes the airplane into a deep
valley of nowhere
mark wakes up later from the accident
only to find himself
laying on bed in some unknown place
he tries hard to get up against the
great pains on his foot
but he's soon discouraged by a family
who have to force him to lay down on bed
against his attempt to search his family
members
the old lady blows towards his face some
kind of white powder
causing him to faint down then the old
couple makes a puppet that used on mark
and continues to play some witchcraft on
the puppet
when mark wakes up again he begs the old
lady to call him an ambulance
he promises to pay how much ever it
costs while the old lady just tells him
that money will not work in this village
instead
she hands a puppet over to mark it said
the puppet has been charmed with magic
power
and it'll safeguard mark against any
evils outside
with no clues of what had happened mark
decides to search
out under cover of the heavy rain at
night
and from the rooftop he gets a glimpse
of a mystical ceremony
held by the old couple with their magic
power to cure the blind to see
and the dumb to speak once the blind
gets cured in his eyes
he draws everybody's attention to the
rooftop
remark gets a narrow escape back into
his previous room
before the old witch comes to check him
for any disorder
but she may have known the truth from
the open window
the second morning mark is fed with some
meat
after he finishes he checks the strange
finger bones
and gets to know that these bones belong
to his son who had malformed his one
finger
while playing basketball feeling
astonished
he assumes that his son might have been
killed so instead of waiting for death
he tries to sneak out searching in the
woods for his rest family
in the valley of nowhere he finds the
aircraft debris finally
the aircraft was torn into pieces with
human blood scattered
but he can't see any side of her
daughter and wife not even their dead
bodies
meanwhile since mark is found missing by
the old witch
she orders the whole family to hunt out
for him
mark down on his luck is soon brought
back
and locked up in the farmhouse again
this time he's nailed up on the foot
to prevent him from escape despite that
mark endures the great pains
pull out the big bloody nail he's later
set himself free to the window
where he feels shocked by three
tune-like pileups which he assumes to be
his family members
but it turns out they're just the animal
bodies buried there
feels easy a little bit he then turns to
search the basement
where he finds a book and gets to know
the witch family's secret
of how to take control of people by use
of puppets
he also learns from the book how to
remove the witch curse
beside that he also finds his son's cell
phone there
and takes it away once he notices the
witch family comes back
without good chance to escape yet he
chooses to return back
and puts the big nail back to his foot
under huge pains
in this way he makes the witch believe
that he's always nailed to the bed
after everything is checked as safe as
normal the witch family leaves the room
satisfied
but right after they're leaving mark
pulls out the nail
and calls the police for help with the
phone
there comes soon a police patrol car
outside but the witch plays her magic
power on mark's puppet immediately
so that she could seal up mark's mouth
right before the police can notice
anything unusual however while the witch
family is out dealing with the police
mark locates his puppet and takes it
away
he escapes out and gets picked up in a
police car
where he's supposed to be safe finally
but he then finds himself brought back
by the police
who's also been controlled by the witch
mark is later put onto the table
waiting for the surgery of his heart to
be transplanted into an old man with
heart disease
but right before the surgery mark who's
already learned how to control the witch
power
frees himself from the magic seizure and
kills the old man instead
with his family being found and released
mark fights hard against the witch
family
when he's choked by a tough guy mark
manages to drown him
by throwing his puppet down to a well
mark then plays the same witchcraft on
the old lady
who gets a to faint first and
then gets punched
flying far away with a puppet of her own
in the end of the story mark sets a big
fire on the evil house
and puts an end to the evil which family
as well
whereas he saves his own family of four
out of this disaster successfully
this is daniel cc movie review peace out